Xueyao looked more at your performance back then
Watch out for her
Hey, Xueyao
What are you doing?
Tongtian, if there is a problem with the contract
I'm going to see Gao Tianpeng now and talk to him in person.
Oh, me too.
Pay attention to safety on the road, don't worry.
Oh snow, snow
You poor
I also want to accompany my Xueyao to sign a contract
Stop dreaming
Don't think you got a certificate from him
It's our family.
I'll tell you what.
You are a toad who wants to eat swan meat
Oops President Wang
Welcome. Welcome.
Why did you come in person?
Xu Yao just drove to Tongtian Key Group
I'm going to call him back now.
No need, I'm not here for him
Mr. Ye, please save my daughter